It's himself. [LAUGHING]. What's up, dear?. How are you doing?. Oh, yeah. Wow, it's been a long time, huh?. It's been a long, well, I have been in Ireland for four months, I was telling. INR was 1. 8. Oh. Okay. I was in Ireland for four months. I went away. Oh. Okay. Did you not take your medicine or no?. Oh, gee, I did. Oh, god, I did. The only thing now I'm having terrible problems with was the inhalers. The breathing is worse?. No, the breathing is fine. No, I'm keeping control of it, because -Okay. Wait until I tell you what happened. I was on Symbicort -Yeah. And it was affecting my eyesight. That's really weird. Oh, and you know, you know what?. What?. And you see, they don't tell you that. As a side effect, yeah. It's a side effect. And it was getting so bad that once I take it I couldn't see. Okay. So he changed it two weeks ago. [NAME OTHER], or?. Uh, no, [PHYSICIAN NAME OTHER] changed it. Okay. And he gave me [INAUDIBLE]. So in the meantime I was with [PHYSICIAN NAME OTHER] for the sinus. Yes. And [PHYSICIAN NAME OTHER] said stop taking that. It's affecting your sight and I have macular degeneration anyway, you know. Right. He said I'll get in touch with [PHYSICIAN NAME OTHER]. Okay. Now, uh, he doesn't [INAUDIBLE]. I called up and see had they been in contact. I got no answer back, but he is in the office tomorrow. Because, and I'm taking the Ventolin and I'm taking the machine, you know, the, uh -Nebulizer. The nebulizer. Okay. I'm taking that and I'm doing okay, but I'm a little bit nervous, because of the, uh, fact that I'm not taking anything. Yeah. Well, here the other thing is, you know, the blood, the, whenever you have, you know, the atrial fibrillation and, uh -Uh-huh. You know, the, having the propensity for a blood clot, there's a condition where you get a clot in your lungs. It's a pulmonary embolism. That's a, yeah. And that's something that you have a small amount of that based on the CT scan, you know, the last time they did the scan. Uh-huh. And what happens is that blood clot will prevent the oxygen from going to your lungs. Lungs, yeah. And then you get short of breath. And that could be mimicked by COPD. Right. But, now, see, the shortness of breath is not as bad once I take the Ventolin. Yeah. It gets better. It gets better. Okay. Now, it'd be a bit short in the morning time, you know. Yeah. If I'm fussing around. Yeah. Trying to get out of bed, you know. Yeah. And then I take the Ventolin and a half an hour afterwards I feel fine, you know. You're fine. Okay. No chest discomfort with that?. The chest discomfort is a little bit. I'm just afraid after being on the other stuff for so long -Yeah. You know, I need to get back on something that's not steroid. Yeah, he'll, I'll have him change you, but, but my concern is if we don't keep your INR above 2 that -What's the INR?. That blood test that she just did for the Coumadin. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Uh, the blood clot will get bigger and -Well, and you know what?. I kept getting that checked. Yeah. Now, I had it checked upstairs last week and she told me to take 3, 3 point -Three mg?. Wait now. I have it here, sweetheart. Because, um, [INAUDIBLE]. Let me see. Uh, who is that?.
Do you know the name of the person, or?. Uh, she [INAUDIBLE] the same day. And I [INAUDIBLE] have to deal with it. Boy, you know how to [INAUDIBLE]. She, uh, put it into a machine there. And then I forgot that I was taking 3 mg instead of taking the 3.5 mg or the 3 point whatever, the 1/2. Okay. But for the last 2 days I went back on the 3.5. Okay. And, okay, so we'll see what that shows, but -Yeah. What I'm going to do is I'll communicate that with, let me see who that is. Uh, who the heck is the nurse up there?[INAUDIBLE]. Okay. I'll, I'll send it to the Coumadin clinic, but, again, I want you to be between 2 and 3. Yeah, but I'm taking the 3 now. No, between, no, not the mg, the, the, the INR should be between 2 and 3. Oh, 2 and 3. So they'll know, because, again, the thing is you, the, the pulmonary embolism business, if it gets bigger -Yeah. You're going to have problems. You're going to end up back in the hospital. I know. And, jesus, I don't want that. No, you don't want to do that, so then you get in trouble. Yeah. I know [INAUDIBLE], you know, and, uh, you know, I just got to where I'm feeling so much better than years ago. Good. [LAUGHING]. Did you, uh, did you have any problems in Ireland when you were there?. No, I was fine up until two days before I came back. I got the flu. Good. Oh, god. And [PHYSICIAN NAME OTHER] is, Friday you're seeing him?. And I'm seeing [PHYSICIAN NAME OTHER] tomorrow. Okay. And I got to make sure he gets in touch with [PHYSICIAN NAME OTHER]. He doesn't [INAUDIBLE]. Who is [PHYSICIAN NAME OTHER]?. Is he the allergist?. No, he's the eye doctor. Oh, the eye doctor. The eye doctor. And so he's, since I have macular degeneration and the medication -Yeah. Is making the sight blurrier. Correct. But they don't tell you that it has an affect on the sight. Well, of course not. And your lungs, by the way, sound crystal clear. How did they sound?. Yeah, they sound good. They both are?. Yeah. Okay. So, let's, I'm going to have them increase the, uh, Coumadin level, so that, uh, like I said, the pulmonary embolism doesn't get worse here. Yeah. Any changes with your other medications?. No, not, no. Okay. They're all the same. All right.
